Last time in Ethan, good things will come, I promise.
According to our investigation, the incident occurred at the Dion Hotel.
Three years ago there was a party and your wife was there.
At the Dion Hotel, I was there that night.
The hotel's security footage seems to have been tampered with, however we did see that
Ruby was also at the party with your wife, Ruby.
Come in.
Hey baby.
I knew you wouldn't forget about me.
I'm not here to drink.
I thought I made that perfectly clear on the phone.
I want to know the truth about that night.
Aw.
Come on.
We can drink and talk, right?
You know how I get.
I'll tell you everything you want to know.
Promise.
This is my game, Stella, and all the pieces are falling into place.
Like now, your husband shows up at my door on his own accord.